Lois - "I can almost guarantee you a man made that commercial." Peter - "Of course a man made it. It's a commercial, Lois, not a delicious Thanksgiving dinner."
French Teacher - "So in French, when you want to say 'yes,' you say 'oui, oui.'" Peter - "You gotta be kidding me! Oh my God! That is hysterical. Oh man! And what do you say for 'no'? 'Doo doo'? I'll be right back, I gotta go take a wicked 'yes.'"
Meg - "So, the $26 would probably be safe in my room." Stewie - "Right. It'd probably get lost amongst the pin-ups of Justin Timberlake and Tom Cruise and...blast! Who the devil do teenagers like these days? Morgan Freeman."
Peter - "You should have heard them all laughing at me, Lois. They looked at me and all they saw was a loser. Except for that one guy with a lazy eye, he saw a loser and a snack machine."
Speaking Car - "Turn right at fork in road. In Soviet Russia - road forks you!"
Peter - "Hey, is your refridgerator running? Because if it is, I bet it's running a lot like you - very homosexually."
Peter - "Well, according to the Geneva Convention, paragraph 7, sentence 8, word 3: the.'"
Peter - "Hold on guys, I think I read a book on this once." Brian - "Are you sure it was a book? Are you sure it wasn't just nothing?" Peter - "Oh, yeah."
Peter - "Hey Brian, if cops are pigs, does that make you a Snausage?" Brian - "Good one, Peter. Did you stay up all night thinking of that one?" Peter - "I got to bed around 2, 2:30."
Peter - "Wait guys, I just got an idea. An idea so great that my head would explode if I even began to know what I was thinking about."
Psychiatrist - "I've been watching you and I don't think you're an addict, I think you're an idiot." Peter - "Well I don't pay you to think, hot lips, in fact, I don't pay you at all. Count it."
Peter - "Lois, I tried finding my creative talent just like you said. First I tried art..." (flashback) "Am, am I supposed to paint the penis?" (present) "Then I tried sculpting..." (flashback) "Am, am I supposed to sculpt the penis?" (present) "Then I tried music..." (flashback) "Am, am I supposed to conduct with my penis?"
Maids and Butlers - (in song) "We're only here to kiss your ass..."
Brian - "Oh my god. They ate Tricia Takanawa." Peter - "Why? They're just gonna get hungry again in an hour."
Peter - "HOLY CRAP! I'm communicating with nature! Uh, tree, if one of you falls and no one is around to hear you, do you make a noise?" Tree - "Oh yeah, Scott fell over last week and hasn't shut up about it since." Scott the Tree - "Oh yeah, go ahead and bitch, but you don't see anyone trying to HELP ME!"
Lois - "You're drunk again." Peter - "No, I'm just exhausted 'cause I've been up all night drinking."
Mayor West: Today we are here to honor Joe Swanson for pulling my poor one-eyed cat Bootsy out of the old stove pipe of my Grandmother's cabin. (Guy standing behind mayor west hits him on the back of the head with a stick.) Joe Swanson won the special people's decathalon and we're here to honor him.
Peter: I have a plan so good, it's retarded! 
Mafia guy: You come to me and ask me to kill a man I do not know. Now I ask you, why should I kill this "Count Chocula"?  Captain Crunch: Because that son of a bitch has been spreading lies! My cereal does not cut the roof of your mouth! With all respect.
Quagmire: My fellow Americans, I have not been entirely truthful with you. I did giggittygiggiydoo that girl. I gashmogied her gaflabity with my googus. And I am sorry
Peter (as a child): Why did all the dinosaurs die out? Man at Museum: Because you touch yourself at night. 
Lois - "Oh Peter...Something bad always happens when you drink." Peter - "Yea...Something bad...all the way to the bank!!" Brian - "Nice."
Peter:I'm looking for toilet training book? Book store guy: Everybody poops but you is still the standard one, We also have the less popular nobody poops but you. Peter: See were catholic so uhhh? Book store guy: Oh then you want your a naughty child and thats nothing but pure concentrated evil coming out the back end of you.
Farmers wife:(talking to stewie) I bet you're hungry. Stewie: Yes and i bet you lost your virginity to a mechanical bull...NOW CHANGE ME!
Glen Quagmire: What? Fat chicks need loving too... but they have to pay
Peter: Hey Lois, give Chris a break. I mean, no TV? So he failed a class, it's not like he felt up his cousin in the garage that Thanksgiving when I was nineteen.
Peter: I never farted until i was 18 (flashback) fart Peter: What the hell was that?
Peter: Guns don't kill people, dangerous minorities do.
Stewie: "Heavens, it appears my penis has been stricken with rigamortous"
Stewie: I say mother, I come bearing a gift. I'll give you 2 hints. It's in my diaper and it's not a toaster.
Lois Griffin: You should spend some time with our kids, Peter. And with me. Peter Griffin: What could me and you do together? Lois Griffin:[Naughty laugh] Peter Griffin: Lois! You've got a sick mind! Lois Griffin: Peter, I'm talking about making love. Peter Griffin: I thought you wanted us to murder the children and harvest their organs for beer money  
Chris (looking at the Twinkie in his hand): I'm going to turn you into poo. 
Stewie (to one of the prostitutes at Cleveland's house): So, is there any tread left on the tires? Or at this point would it be like throwing a hot dog down a hallway?
[Quagmire sees a cheerleader tied up in a bathroom stall] Quagmire: Dear diary: Jackpot. 
Gun advocate: Guns don't kill people, dangerous minorities do. 
Peter: Gays don't vomit. They're a very clean people. And they have been ever since they came to this country from France. 
Lois: I guarantee you a man made that commercial.Peter: Of course a man made it. It's a commercial Lois, not a delicious thanksgiving dinner. 
Brian: Peter, did you read the fine print on this loan contract? Peter: Um, if by "read" you mean imagined a naked lady, then, yes. 
Lois: Peter tell Chris that women are not objects! Peter: Your mother's right Chris, listen to what it says. 
Quagmire: I felt guilty once, but she woke up halfway through. 
Stewie (reading the Bible)" My my, what a thumping good read, lions eating Christians, people nailing each other to two by fours. I'll say, you won't find that in Winnie the Pooh.
Brian: Hey, Peter, it's seven o'clock and you've still got your pants on. What's the occassion? 
Stewie: You know, I rather like this God fellow. Very theatrical, you know. Pestilence here, a plague there. Omnipotence ... gotta get me some of that.
Stewie: Nothing says "Obey Me" like a bloody head on a fence post! 
Stewie: For the love of God, shake me! Shake me like a British nanny! 
Stewie: Can I count to three? For God's sake, I'm already shooting at a fifth grade level. 
Peter: My son here is gonna be the best thing to happen in New York since Mayor Giuliani had all the homeless people secretly killed.
Stewie: The ruptured capillaries in your nose belie the clarity of your wisdom. 
Blast you and your estrogenical tyranny! 
Lois: Now kids, your father's just trying to spend time with his family. Or kill us. I'm not sure which. 
Lois: Stewie, did you unhook mommy's bra? 
Peter: Listen Lois, I know you're a feminist and I think that's adorable, but this is grown-up time and I'm the man. 
Peter: Here's to our wives! They may not be as hot as the women you see on TV, or as entertaining, but, um ... y'know, I don't know where I'm going with this, but thanks anyway.
Peter: Sorry Meg. Daddy loves ya, but Daddy also loves Star Trek, and in all fairness, Star Trek was here first. 
Lois: You're drunk again. Peter: No, I'm just exhausted 'cause I've been up all night drinking. 
Peter (after coming home drunk): Oh, Lois thank God it's you! The last few houses I went to were very rude. 
Peter: Fox has one of those new reality shows at eight, 'Fast animals, slow children.' 
Peter: Wow! Lois, look at you! You look like Britney Spears! Except not a fat guy. 
Counselor: I'd like to put video cameras in every room of your house so that I can observe your uncensored behavior. Peter: Wow, just like that show Big Brother ... except somebody'll be watching. 
Stewie: Well, I'd love to stay and chat, but you're a total bitch. 
Lois: Oh, I haven't been on a college campus in years. Everything seems so different. Stewie: Really? Perhaps if you laid on your back with your ankles behind your ears that would ring a few bells. 
Lois: Are you Kate Moss? For someone with no breasts, you've done very well for yourself. Good for you. 
Stewie: Hey, mother, I come bearing a gift. I'll give you a hint. It's in my diaper and it's not a toaster. 
Diane Simmons: Tom, I'm getting late word that you're a petty, jealous closet-case. Tom Tucker: Bit of breaking news, we now go live to Diane being a bitch. Diane. 
Meg: Everybody! Guess what I am? Stewie: Hm, the end result of a drunken back-seat grope-fest and a broken prophylactic? 
Meg: Wow! This looks just like my room at home! Lois: Yeah! Except for all of the trophies and pictures of friends. 
Meg: You could kill all the girls who are prettier than me. Death: Well, that would just leave England. 
Peter: I'm not afraid of anything, I laugh in the face of Death. See HAHAHAHA. Death: Oh great! Thanks a lot. As if it wasnt already hard enough to fit in. 
Stewie (to Lois): Look at him. He runs like a Welshman. Doesn't he run like a Welshman? Doesn't he? I think he runs like a Welshman.
Tom Tucker: Well Diane, theres something you're gonna have to get used to. Men running away form you. Diane Simmons: Shut up Tom, you're so far in the closet you're finding Christmas presents! 
Diane: Today, a local man charged for peeping in the women's bathroom at the Quahog Bowling Alley. Tom Tucker: Coming up, Diane's weight. 
Lois: Kids, your grandfather's ears are not gross and they are certainly not an enchanted forest. 
Peter: Oh my god, Brian, there's a message in my Alphabits. It says, 'Oooooo.' Brian: Peter, those are Cheerios. 
Peter: Don't worry Chris. Sometimes it's good not to fit in. (Flashback to Veitnam) Peter (dressed in a clown suit): You guys are stupid. Their gonna be looking for army people. 
Glen Quagmire: Hello, 911? It's Quagmire. Yeah, it's caught in the window this time. 
Peter: The deep south? Isn't that the place where the black guys are really lazy and all the white guys are just as lazy but they're mad at the black guys for being so lazy?
Peter: Well, we promised Lois we'd use our powers responsibly, but I suppose doing the exact opposite couldn't hurt. 
Peter: Pictures are better than words because some words are big and hard to understand. 
Peter: Oh this is almost as intense as that time I forgot how to sit down! 
Stewie: [speaking to a Latina maid] So which of the Latin countries are you from: the one with the civil war, the one with the cocaine, or the one with the fancy hats?
Chris: Dad, what's the blow-hole for? Peter: I'll tell you what it's not for, son. And when I do, you'll understand why I can never go back to Sea World. 
Quagmire: Giggity, giggity, giggity, giggity! 
Quagmire: You must be this beautiful to ride the Quagmire. 
Peter (to Lois): That's because Christians don't believe in gravity. 
Peter (runs to picketers bearing signs that say "Free Tibet"): Free Tibet! I'll take it! (Runs to phone booth.) Hello, China? I think I have something you may want, but it's gonna cost you....that's right--all the tea.
Chris: When I stick this army guy with the sharp bayonette up my nose, it tickles my brain. Hah hah hah ... ow. Oh, now I don't know math.
Peter: You know that whole Vietnam thing? Never happened. Brian: Oh yeah, but don't mention it around the Veterans Hospital. Those guys are really committed to the lie. 
Peter: I don't take coupons from giant chickens, not after last time. 
Peter: I have a plan so good, it's retarded! 
Peter: If you want an autograph right now, you either got to give me a pen or some snow. 
Chris: Hey little dude, how about some ice cream? Stewie: Yes I could go for a frozen treat right about now. But no sprinkles. And for every sprinkle I find, I shall kill you. 
Lois: I care about the size of your penis as much as you care about the size of my breasts. Peter: Oh my God! (runs off crying) 
Peter: [writing letter] Dear MacGuyver, Enclosed is a rubber band, a paper clip, and a drinking straw. Please save my dog. 
Lois Griffin: Peter! You're bribing your daughter with a car? Peter Griffin: Ah, c'mon, Lois, isn't 'bribe' just another word for 'love'?
Brian Griffin: Ah, if my memory serves me, this is the physics department. Chris Griffin: That would explain all the gravity.
Peter Griffin: Brian, there's a message in my Alpha Bits. It says 'OOO'! Brian Griffin: Peter, those are Cheerios.
Meg Griffin: You could kill all the girls who are prettier than me. Death: Well that would just leave England.
Joe, I've had new neighbors before but none of them were half the man you are. And since you're half a man already, that splits them into some kind of fraction I can't even measure.
Do these huggies make my ass look big?
Chris, everything I say is a lie. Except that. And that. And that. And that. And that. And that. And that. And that.
OH! mmm yes oh god this is better than SEX!
Tom, you're so deep in the closet you're finding Christmas presents.
Brian Griffin: Face it Peter, you get competitive about everything. Peter Griffin: I am so not competitive. In fact, I am the least non-competitive. So I win.
Excuse me, is your refrigerator running? Because if it is, it probably runs like you, very homosexually.
Brothers and sisters fighting is as natural as a white mans dialogue in a Spike Lee movie.
All right, all right, make like Siamese twins and split... And then one of you die.
Day 171: I.ve sprouted another finger. Counting the one from yesterday, I.m up to 11.
I want pancakes! God, do you people understand every language except English? Yo quiero pancakes! Donnez moi pancakes! Click click bloody click pancakes!
Dear McGyver: Enclosed is a paper clip, a rubber band, and a drinking straw. Please save our dog.
You know, I rather like this God fellow. He.s very theatrical. A little pestilence here, a plague there... Omnipotence...got to get me some of that.
-Hey, Phil, what do you say to happy hour after work? -I say Sheryl.s gonna have another black eye to explain to the neighbors!
I will not stand idly by while you abrogate my plans! You shall rue this day!... Well, go on, start ruing!
Lois: Come on, Stewie, you know you can.t leave the table until you finish your vegetables. Stewie: Well, then I shall sit here until one of us expires, and you.ve got a good forty years on me, woman. Lois: Sweetie, it.s broccoli, it.s good for you. Now, open up for the airplane... Stewie: Never! Damn the broccoli, damn you, and damn the Wright brothers!
Peter: Oh my god, Brian, there.s a message in my Alphabits. It says, "Oooooo." Brian: Peter, those are Cheerios.
Peter: I.ll handle it, Lois. I read a book about this sort of thing once. Brian: Are you sure it was a book? Are you sure it wasn.t...nothing? Peter: Oh, yeah...
There.s always been a lot of tension between Lois and me, and it.s not so much that I want to kill her, it.s just, I want her not to be alive anymore.
Dear diary: Jackpot.
Chris: Hey, little dude, you want some ice cream? Stewie: Yes, but no sprinkles. For every sprinkle I find, I shall KILL you...
Counselor: I.d like to put video cameras in every room of your house so that I can observe your uncensored behavior. Peter: Wow, just like that show .Big Brother....except somebody.ll be watching.
Lois: Good, I don.t have to cook. Peter: Oh, no, go ahead and cook anyway, Lois, and we.ll throw it out. I don.t want you to get rusty.
Peter: Can.t we tell them that your mother died? Lois: Peter, I.m not gonna lie about something like that. Peter: All right, all right, I.ll kill your mother.
Lois: Peter, why would they make you president? Peter: Maybe it.s because I can recite all 50 states in a quarter of a second...RARF! Lois: Peter, that was just a loud yelping noise.
And Joe, I.ve had new neighbors before, but none of them were half the man you are. Since you're half a man already, that splits them into some kind of fraction I can.t even measure.
Quagmire: Hey there, Gorgeous, how old are you? Connie: Sixteen. Quagmire: Eighteen? Connie: Mom! Quagmire: I Like where this is goin.!
Hey, Mother! I come bearing a gift. I.ll give you a hint: it.s in my diaper, and it.s not a toaster.
Guns don.t kill people; dangerous minorities do.
I had such a crush on her. Until I met you, Lois. You.re my silver medal.
What's this? Blueberries! Oh, oh my G... Oh, that's better than sex!
Brian: Peter, are you sure? You.ve never had much luck telling jokes. [Flashback to Peter in a net surrounded by apes with guns] Peter: Okay, okay. How many dirty stinkin. apes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?... Three: One dirty stinkin. ape to screw in the light bulb, and two dirty stinkin. apes to throw feces at each other! Hehehehehehe...
Hey, Meg, you eighteen yet?
Stewie: What the hell is this? Lois: Sweetie, that's tuna salad. Stewie: Oh, is that what it is? Really? Because I could have sworn it was mayonnaise and cat food.
Sorry Meg. Daddy loves ya, but Daddy also loves Star Trek, and in all fairness, Star Trek was here first.
When I stick this army guy with the sharp bayonette up my nose, it tickles my brain. Hah hah hah...ow. Oh, now I don.t know math.
Meg: Excuse me, Mayor West? Adam West: How do you know my language?
Police blotter: We have a gang shooting on 3rd and Main. Three wounded, one dead. Brian: Is it just me or is rap getting lazier?
Stewie: I say, Mother, this hot dog has been on my plate for a full minute and it hasn.t yet cut itself. Lois: Honey, I.ll be right there. Stewie: Oh, by all means, take your time. Oh, and when you do finally get around to it, I.ll be the one covered in flies with a belly that protrudes half-way to bloody Boston!
I.m so hungry I could ride a horse. I don.t get it. Well, I could ride it to the store, I guess.
I think the lesson here is, it really doesn.t matter where you.re from, as long as we.re all the same religion.
Chris: Where do you think you go when you die? Sam: I learned in church that if you.re good you go to heaven, but if you.re bad you go to a place where the dead believe they.re still livin. and they pray for death but death won.t come. Chris: UPN?
Meg: Hey, Stewie! How do you like my new glasses? Stewie: Let me just put it this wayin an attic somewhere, there's a picture of you getting prettier.
Peter as a child: Why did the dinosaurs die out? Tour guide: Because you touch yourseft at night.
Lois: Peter, what did you promise me? Peter: That I wouldn't drink at the stag party. Lois: And what did you do? Peter: Drank at the stag p...Whoa, I almost walked into that one!
So, Broccolli, Mother says you're very good for me... Well, I'm afraid I'm NO GOOD FOR YOU! The first rule of war is Know Thine Enemy, and I know THIS: Cold KILLS broccolli! It's so simple! All I need to do is build a machine to control the global environment. Forecast for tomorrow: a few sprinkles of genius with A CHANCE OF DOOM!
Meg: How could you embarrass me like that? Nobody better pull this kind of crap at my slumber party tonight. Lois: Don't worry, honey. You and your friends are gonna have a great time. Stewie: Yes, how delightful it will be. A pubescent herd of gabby wretches prattling on about boys and music and...jellybeans...and...stickers...
As we all know, Christmas is that mystical time of year when the ghost of Jesus rises from the grave to feed on the flesh of the living. So we all sing Christmas carols to lull him back to sleep.
Bonnie: I am the Virgin Mary that's my story and I'm sticking to it. Ohh, our savior has arrived! Stewie. Good evening. I'm playing the role of Jesus, a man once portrayed on the big screen by Jeffrey Hunter. You may remember him as the actor who was replaced by William Shatner on "Star Trek." Apparently Mr. Hunter was good enough to die for our sins but not quite up to the task of seducing green women.
