Dougal: Last year I had a go with the horse riding and it was just fantastic Ted: I didn't know you could ride horses Dougal: Well it wasn't a real horse Ted like. It was this old fella with a saddle on him
Mrs. Doyle: And what do you say to a cup? Jack: Feck off cup!
Tom: Father Ted: Yes Tom? Tom: I killed a man Ted: Did you Tom? I'll have to talk to you later. I'm doing an interview for the television
(Talking to Dougal at Funland) Ted: You're supposed to be taking Jack for his walk Dougal: Well erm, the cliffs were closed for the day Ted: How can the cliffs be closed Dougal? Dougal: OK no, it wasn't that. They were gone Ted: Gone? The cliffs were gone. How could they just disappear? Dougal: Erosion
Dougal: Ted, Ted. Can I have a go on the crane of death Ted? Ted: The what? Dougal: The crane of death. It's called that because there was a young fella killed on it last year
(Talking about Father Stone) Dougal: How did you meet him in the first place? Ted: He was introduced to me by Father Jim Dougan, we were at a conference. Dougan came up and said "This is Father Stone", and ran out of the building
(In the hospital waiting area) Dougal: Who would have thought being hit by lightening would land you in hospital Ted: What? What are you talking about? Of course it can land you in hospital Dougal: Well it's not usually serious is it Ted. I mean, I was hit by lightening a few times and I never had to go to hospitalTed: Yes Dougal, but you're different from most people. All that happened to you was that balloons kept sticking to you
(In the hospital waiting area) Ted: God I hate hospitals Dougal: Do you ever notice it's usually sick people who end up in Hospitals?
(In the hospital waiting area) Dougal: Father Stone's been in there a long time hasn't he? Do you think he's dead? Ted: Probably doing tests Dougal: What sorta tests? General Knowledge?
Ted: Yes but I must say I miss the noise and the lights and you know the whole buzz of the big city Father Handees: You were in Wexford weren't you?
Father Handees: Is Father Jack a little hard of hearing? Jack: What? Ted: Yes, he gets a kinda waxy build up in his ears. The we have to syringe them and it's not very nice Dougal: It's great though in a way because, you know 'cause we're never short of candles
Ted: Just forget all about it. Just forget about it. Just do not mention the sun. Have you got that? Dougal: I have Ted. The lights are one but there's nobody home
(Talking to Bishop Brennan about the proposed cinema protest) Ted: Your grace, this isn't really my area Brennen: Nothing is your area Crilly, you do not have an area, unless it's a kind of a play area with sandcastles and buckets and spades
Ted: I know for a fact St. Tibulus wore more clothes then that. He was from Norway or somewhere, he'd have frozen to death Dougal: And do you remember that bit when St. Tibulas tried to take that banana off the other lad Ted: That wasn't a banana Dougal
(Two old ladies talking to Ted and Dougal outside the cinema) Lady 1: Oh, we saw a great one a few weeks ago, The Crying Game. Lady 2: Oh it was brilliant Lady 1: Oh there was this great bit in it there was this girl, and then you find out it's not a girl but a man Lady 2: 'Cause he got his lad out
Mrs. Doyle: You look a bit different father. Have you had a haircut or something? Ted: No, I'm Elvis Presley Mrs. Doyle: Are you father? Well that's a turn up for the books anyway!
Dougal: I'm just not the best at making decisions Ted: Look- Dougal: Or am I?
Ted: Father, are you all right? Ah no, not Toilet Duck again?
Dougal: Imagine if we weren't able to get him back, he's be like Bigfoot, except he'd be a BBC television presenter
Father Jack Hackett: Drink! Feck! Arse! Girls!
Mrs Doyle: What would you say to a cup father? [offers him a cup of tea] Father Jack Hackett: FECK OFF, CUP!
Father Ted: Come on, Dougal, switch the television off. Chewing gum for the eyes! Father Dougal: No thanks, Ted!
Father Ted: It's fabulous being a priest - think of all that comfort you bring to the sick and dying. They love it, they can't get enough of it!
Father Ted: What was that sermon about? Father Dougal: Sorry Ted, I was concentrating too hard on looking holy.
Father Ted: The way I feel now I could convert gays!
Father Ted: You won't be able to come with me... when I go into space. I'm going to be the first priest in space.
Father Dougal: God Ted, first America then space, what next?
Father Ted: Now concentrate this time, Dougal. These [he points to some plastic cows on the table] Father Ted: are very small; those [pointing at some cows out of the window] Father Ted: are far away...
Father Ted: He gets a kind of waxy build up in his ears. Father Dougal: Yeah, but it's good though, in a way, cos we never run short of candles.
Father Ted: Dougal, is there anything on your mind? [pause] Father Ted: Let me rephrase that...
Father Jack Hackett: Chair! Curtains! Floor! Gobshite!
Father Jack Hackett: I love my brick!
Father Jack Hackett: Nan? Father Ted: No, Jack, Nun. Father Jack Hackett: Nun! Arrrggghhhh!
Eoin McLove: Get away from me! I don't want to catch the menopause!
Father Ted: Come on, Divorce Referendum!
Father Ted: Fascists dress in black and go around telling people what to do, whereas priests... more drink!
Father Dougal: Ahh, lets see, I'll have the Hindu Curry, Steak and Chips, and a glass of Coke thanks. Policeman: Do you know where you are? You're in a police station. Father Dougal: Oh right. Well, in that case, I'll just have the Satay Chicken
Mrs Doyle: You'll have some tea... are you sure you don't want any? Aw go on, you'll have some. Go on go on go on go on go on go on go on go on GO ON!
Father Ted: That's right, Dougal. You see, ordinary shops sell what look like black socks, but if you look closely, you'll see that they're very, very, very, very, very, very, very dark blue. Father Dougal: That's true. I thought my Uncle Tommy was wearing black socks, but when I looked at them closely, they were just very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very dark blue. Father Ted: Never buy black socks from a normal shop. [Whispers to Dougal] Father Ted: They shaft you every time!
Bishop Brennan: What would the following words suggest to you: "Jack", "sleepwalking" and "bollock naked"?
Mrs Doyle: Ah, look at him there with his hairy hands!
Father Dougal: Well, Ted, as I said last time, it won't happen again.
Father Ted: What was it he used to say about the needy? He had a term for them... Father Dougal: A shower of bastards.
Father Ted: How long has Father Jack been living in there? Father Dougal: Uh, he started just a few days after you left. Father Ted: Maybe he's agoraphobic?Father Dougal: Jack scared of fighting? I don't think so Ted.
Mrs. Doyle: Father Crilly, Pat wants to know if he can put his massive tool in my box.
Bishop Brennan: Don't call me Len, you little prick. I'm a bishop!
Father Ted: That money was just resting in my account!
Mrs Doyle: Well, whatever the equivalent they had for tea in those days, cake or something. And speaking of cake, I have cake! [holds up a cupcake] Father Ted: No, thanks, Mrs Doyle. Mrs Doyle: Are you sure, Father? There's cocaine in it! Father Ted: WHAT? Mrs Doyle: Oh, no, not cocaine. God, what am I on about. No, what d'you call them. Raisins.
Father Jack Hackett: I'm a happy camper!
Father Jack Hackett: Nuns! Nuns! Reverse!
Bishop Brennan: Normally you wouldn't be able to organize a nun shoot in a nunnery.
Father Jack Hackett: [after Bishop Brennan asks how he is] Arsebiscuits!
Mrs Doyle: "You big bastard". Oh, dreadful language! "You big hairy arse", "You big fecker". Fierce stuff! And of course, the f-word, father, the bad f-word, worse than "feck" - you know the one I mean.
Mrs Doyle: "Eff you". "Eff your 'effin' wife". Oh, I don't know why they have to use language like that. "I'll stick this 'effin' pitchfork up your hole", oh, that was another one, oh, yes!
Mrs Doyle: "Bastard" this and "bastard" that, you can't move for the bastards in her novels! It's wall-to-wall bastards!
Mrs Doyle: "You bastard!" You fecker!" "You bollocks!" "Get your bollocks out of my face!" It was terrible.
Father Jack Hackett: [Terrified] Nun!
Father Ted: Those Protestants, up to no good as usual.
Father Dougal: Next you.re going to tell us you.re Santa. Father Ted: No Dougal. I'm the opposite of Santa. Father Dougal: The anti-Santa? 
